You shameless little three
Seducing people to come to the house
Pay attention to your words
Brother Nie, why are you protecting me?
This shameless thing
I'm your wife.
Enough Han Yingying
How many times have I told you?
As the daughter-in-law of the Nangong family
You must pay attention to your words
See what's going on now
Cheng He Style
Mom, didn't I tell you?
Don't let you have sex with this woman
Why do you still bring people into your house?
You still have my mother in your eyes
With your wife and children?
Song Nianyi Xiaoye is a family mother
Miss Song is just here to report her work.
You misunderstood.
Well, the reporting work is all reported to the legs
If mom and I were a little late
Did you both go to bed?
Is this the Nangong Group?
How do you report to work?
You mom
You shut up
I don't want to take it out of your mouth anymore
Hear any insulting words from Nangong Group
Miss Song, since you are here to report your work
Our Nangong family has never treated employees badly
You stay for dinner today
Just treat it as an apology for Yingying's oath